feat(bitbucket-cloud): add HMAC webhook secret validation (#2870)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/providers/bitbucket-cloud.md

```shell
kubectl -n target-namespace create secret generic bitbucket-cloud-token \
        --from-literal provider.token="BITBUCKET_CLOUD_API_TOKEN" \

>         --from-literal webhook.secret="YOUR_WEBHOOK_SECRET" # required when you've IP-Based validation disable in pipelines-as-code configmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        --from-literal webhook.secret="YOUR_WEBHOOK_SECRET" # required when IP-Based validation is disabled in pipelines-as-code configmap.
```

        name: "bitbucket-cloud-token"
        # Set this if you have a different key in your secret
        # key: "provider.token"
      webhook_secret:

>         # required when you've IP-Range checked disable in pipelines-as-code configmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # required when you've IP-Range check disable in pipelines-as-code configmap.
```

Author: updated! https://github.com/tektoncd/pipelines-as-code/pull/2870/commits/734b7cbfd1e668ecc69a4e6296ecc331527f2dd9

>         # required when you've IP-Based validation disable in pipelines-as-code configmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # required when IP-Based validation is disabled in pipelines-as-code configmap.
```

<https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/bitbucket/bitbucket-api-changes-gdpr/#introducing-atlassian-account-id-and-nicknames>
{{< /callout >}}

{{< callout type="info" >}}

### IP-based validation (defense-in-depth)

Pipelines-as-Code verifies that webhooks originate from Bitbucket Cloud IP addresses by fetching the
IP list from <https://ip-ranges.atlassian.com/>.

- To add extra IP addresses or networks, set the
  `bitbucket-cloud-additional-source-ip` key in the `pipelines-as-code`
  ConfigMap. You can add multiple networks or IPs separated by a comma.

- To disable IP checking, set `bitbucket-cloud-check-source-ip` to `false`
  in the `pipelines-as-code` ConfigMap.
{{< /callout >}}

### Webhook Secret Validation

In addition to IP-based validation, Pipelines-as-Code can also verify
Bitbucket Cloud supports HMAC webhook secrets. When you configure a
webhook secret on the Repository CR, Pipelines-as-Code validates the
signature header on every incoming webhook to verify the payload was
sent by Bitbucket Cloud and has not been tampered with.

> Note: Webhook Secret is fallback validation to IP-Based validation

Reviewer: fallback seems like an inaccurate way of describing the implementation; webhook secret validation is only used if ip-based validation is disabled.

Author: updated https://github.com/tektoncd/pipelines-as-code/pull/2870/commits/734b7cbfd1e668ecc69a4e6296ecc331527f2dd9

> Note: If IP-Based validation is disabled, Pipelines-as-Code fallbacks to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If IP-Based validation is disabled, Pipelines-as-Code falls back to
```
